by yeah and see web now the Fab five
tell me the first time you met all of
them tell me what it was like when you
met all these guys
well I knew Jalen since I was 12 years
old I played at hair.you with him and
gently him down the street from me and
Juwan I met you on a Nike Camp when we
were like 16 and I remember thinking he
was so much older than me because he
looked the same way he does not and um
so I knew those two and actually in high
school after high school they came to
Detroit we played and I went up there
and we played at you in Chicago but the
first day I met everybody we were in the
dorm room and we went outside outside
the dorm where you know the first day
before school and we're just hanging out
you have music playing in the dorms
everybody's outside packing and from the
way I remember it we just started
playing ball right there um pickup game
right there in front of the dorms and
everything and I remember just throwing
hoops and seeing a grand jimmy jumping
being like - it's gonna be something
else but it wasn't until after our first
couple days of practice me and Jalen sat
in the room and we saw a schedule and we
was like let's go through the sketch
we're gonna win this one win this one we
might lose this one we might lose this
one at the end of the day we saw we
might lose four games it was like you
think we could be this good James like
yeah we could be this nice and we
believed we could but we really didn't
know we're like we know it right now
yeah it's not speaking of Jalen you know
as you know he were very close to him on
the show it comes on all the time give
us a good Jalen Rose story man that
nobody has heard before something
something you can share with us on TV
man it's funny cuz CJ's and Jana was
always like like the leader and the
clown in the group you know what I mean
and so he always had the good balance of
great being silly but being ready I
remember Jalen I just go to his house
and uh wait say it like Jalen would say
you almost just did it the talk was your
tears of all gotcha pop open
first of all you really want something
yeah my mother calls me all the time
when I do interviews I have a terrible
habit when I was younger
Jalen to sing classical JJ man listen
man know they over there doing this and
Jane I used to do this walking them down
the street I do this in interviews now
somebody interviewing me I'll be like
well you just you know
new Nazi Jamin and he do the same thing
and I know that that's you know but so
not a J you see he brought it up I used
to go to jail as house and you know you
know to set up to talk like you know we
used to talk to each other some
everybody knew what we were saying in
the gangs and everything okay
what's up now we used to call that pig
latin you know I thought she's gonna
tell him the story about me lining up my
shoes in my room just about that given
any that's what I was just about to say
I used to go to jaylen house and jailer
was like we used to call it like out to
stay fresh so back then there was a
adidas was the big thing like Patrick
Ewing adidas conductors the forms you
know in from New York Jenny would sit
here with a toothbrush and we were
talking he'd be like yes so on so what
you're doing today dog what you want to
go do and play some basketball be like
yeah and he got all these shoes like 50
pair of shoes old beat-up shoes holes in
them but they clean as I don't know what
take that take the right shoe polish
everything so they used to be fresh up
there no doubt put them in the washing
machine and all that good stuff you know
hey Chris was the last time the Fab five
we're all together last time we was all
together with OJ last summer something
for less uh-huh we like to we like to
get together on the record and off the
record so on the record we were together
Jalen celebrity game in Chicago
off the record is all original director
so jaylen you know Chris got to fire a
story away you know you know we're gonna
oh you know they ask him cuz I got one
more hold I got ya I got one of the clip
I got one of the good thing I got you
know like he said we've been for
instance we were 12 so we got G stories
PG stories are stories X stories rated X
day pg-13 you want like a pg-13 we were
having a draft party so that not we're
actually in high school we have a
husband already at the Renaissance
Center we had just got finished playing
the Soviet Union that weekend offensive
um you know I'm still veteran so you
know we think if we go ahead a partying
no parents will find out about it we
gonna have the females we gonna have a
good time I'm running out the room
whatever whatever so we're in there
party I'm kind of folded over because I
couldn't handle my my drink back then
you know I was walking around my dark
shades on me and my god Mike ham rest in
peace and uh so we just up there
partying having a good time without we
turn around and Chris father shows up at
the party I'll run ain't gonna lie you
know his spot hit him if people happen
to see Chris's father he likes six six
in shape big strong DS it was really one
of the first days I was happy that I
didn't grow up with a dad
I remember my father like getting near
the mic and everybody was like what
having to kept dancing and that's when I
just started running I'm screaming your
name my name for the time what about the
time we were late for like a practice or
autograph signing your mom got mad and
almost Max movies mess with the video
game that her PlayStation yeah your mom
and my parents almost killed us a few
times yeah we got we got a lot of
PlayStation story Sega Nintendo you know
we go back with the video game John
Madden football AJ I was thinking the
reason why we got on the game
everybody's to throw up before games in
Michigan remember that there's a good
story for y'all too we were actually
late for the draft in 1993 when Chris
Webber was the number one pick because
we playing John Madden football at his
time we was late for the draft and about
to fight two of who we really weren't
again but you gotta understand you want
to help your best friend he bout to get
drafted get a seventy five million
dollar contract you know I'm trying to
play on credit you see we got
got to do it up before is mother father
did I was like okay who is better by the
way at the video games
falen me go say each other we've been
playing for so long we plan I think
Gianna
I think devs can bust both y'all though
look at him now
no you get out of my audible package all
right I'll play anytime I hear um obj we
call the duty online I'll get you a
baseball - or Carla cool
yeah challenge you play Blackie yeah
guys good yeah
God don't talk real books I'm sitting up
here with you guys had the name you guys
fam five but from what I understand you
didn't want that name it was almost
something else what was the name was
five times five times five times okay
all right now here we go I want to show
you a great little clip you will enjoy
guys that's five times
no fab hours brother we got that old
fabulous file y'all none of that time
under that number one all that you're
just five times listen to it as we all
we don't love your hair will not be
joyful what's up Detroit I know I need a
favor
you know how we can't